README.md, before:

# Level Up Fitness

[Deployed Level Up Fitness App ](https://radiant-falls-27528.herokuapp.com/ "Level Up Fitness")

## Table-of-Contents

1. [Description](#description)

2. [Intallation](#installation)

2. [Technology](#technology)

3. [Photos](#photos)

4. [Collaborators](#Collaborators)


## Description:

The purpose of this application is to simplify the process of tracking your work outs. 
By signing up or logging in, you can create or modify workouts and review what you have saved from last time.
-More of what you need, less of what you don't

## Installation 

* To run this application follow these steps:

    ```
    1. clone the repository using https or SSH
    2. run npm i
    ```
* open mysql2 by using: mysql -u root -p

    ```
    1. enter your SQL password
    2. input source db/schema.sql
    3. use ecommerce_db
    ```

* Exit mysql by running "quit", then enter:

    ```
    1. npm run seed
    2. npm start or node server.js
    ```

## Technology:

- RESTful API using Node.js and Express.js
- Handlebars.js as the template engine
- MySQL and Sequelize ORM for the database
- Authentication
- Deployment to Heroku using MySQL JawsDB
- dotENV

## Photos:
- View of the Sign Up Page:
![Level Up Fitness Sign Up](./assets/images/signup.png)

- View of the Login Page:
![Level Up Fitness Login](./assets/images/fitnesslogin.png)

- View of the Profile landing page:
![Level Up Fitness Profile Landing](./assets/images/profile1.png)

- View of Profile with Routine expanded:
![Level Up Fitness Profile Routines](./assets/images/profile2.png)

- View of Dashboard:
![Level Up Fitness Dashboard](./assets/images/dashboard.png)

- Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD):
![Level Up Fitness ERD](./assets/images/dbdiagram.png)

## Collaborators:

This application was developed and deployed by:

- Lauren Cvengros [l.cvengros@icloud.com]
- Michaela Wells []
- Kelsie Szost [owner@kelsieszost.design]
- Ashley Szpanelewski [ashleyszp@gmail.com]

Commit message:

added a functioning footer with repository link and link to individual collaborators githubs, adjusted styling of the login word and signup words as well as navbar color

README.md, after:

# Level Up Fitness

[Deployed Level Up Fitness App ](https://radiant-falls-27528.herokuapp.com/ "Level Up Fitness")

## Table-of-Contents

1. [Description](#description)

2. [Installation](#installation)

2. [Technology](#technology)

3. [Photos](#photos)

4. [Collaborators](#Collaborators)


## Description:

The purpose of this application is to simplify the process of tracking your work outs. 
By signing up or logging in, you can create or modify workouts and review what you have saved from last time.
-More of what you need, less of what you don't

## Installation 

* To run this application follow these steps:

    ```
    1. clone the repository using https or SSH
    2. run npm i
    ```
* open mysql2 by using: mysql -u root -p

    ```
    1. enter your SQL password
    2. input source db/schema.sql
    3. use fitnessTracker_db
    ```

* Exit mysql by running "quit", then enter:

    ```
    1. npm run seed
    2. make sure you have a .env file with the structure:
    `- DB_name='fitnessTracker_db'
     - DB_USER='root'
     - DB_PASSWORD='*this should be your personal sql password*'
    3. npm start or node server.js
    ```

## Technology:

- RESTful API using Node.js and Express.js
- Handlebars.js as the template engine
- MySQL and Sequelize ORM for the database
- Authentication
- Deployment to Heroku using MySQL JawsDB
- dotENV

## Photos:
- View of the Sign Up Page:
![Level Up Fitness Sign Up](./assets/images/signup.png)

- View of the Login Page:
![Level Up Fitness Login](./assets/images/fitnesslogin.png)

- View of the Profile landing page:
![Level Up Fitness Profile Landing](./assets/images/profile1.png)

- View of Profile with Routine expanded:
![Level Up Fitness Profile Routines](./assets/images/profile2.png)

- View of Dashboard:
![Level Up Fitness Dashboard](./assets/images/dashboard.png)

- Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD):
![Level Up Fitness ERD](./assets/images/dbdiagram.png)

## Collaborators:

This application was developed and deployed by:

- Lauren Cvengros [l.cvengros@icloud.com]
- Michaela Wells [mgwells012@gmail.com]
- Kelsie Szost [owner@kelsieszost.design]
- Ashley Szpanelewski [ashleyszp@gmail.com]
